[Music]
he is a prisoner with a super iq
he saw only xiao qiang in prison this
day most people may think it's nothing
but in his eyes 3u means a very
important signal
the prison is very old the walls are
corroded by humid air
the iron fence has also been oxidized
and rusted this is the perfect condition
for jailbreak
laumo decided to give it a try he took
out the nail clippers
digging in the vent of the wall sure
enough it was easy to broadcast a corner
he was imprisoned in the strictest
alcatraz prison in the united states
it's surrounded by the sea and isolated
from the rest of the world
there were people who couldn't think of
jailbreaking before either killed or
flooded s
no one can escape alive there are twice
as many prison guards here than other
prisons
12 times a day you need to report even
when you go to the toilet
so it's too early to escape he needs to
do some preparation first you have to
find a helper
it's a coincidence that you said it by
mistake eat in a cafeteria the next day
he ran into the higher brothers the most
famous in the prison escape world
immediately engage in ties to get them
into the group the old wong in the cell
next door said immediately
count me alright the four-person prison
escape team has been formed
let's start under the cover of darkness
at night
old mo started using nail clippers dig a
little bit for the vent
the old wong next door helped him out
the guards will whistle to remind them
when they come
but soon he couldn't dig nail clippers
are too hard to dig without force
they have to find a more handy tool
after eating the next day
mo read the sentence in his hand hey
he stretched the sentence under his shoe
and rubbed it a few times
then called the prison guard said his
spoon was dirty and needed to be
replaced
the comrade saw almost wink and
instantly understood go up and pretend
to talk to the prison guard to distract
him
old moe took away a sentence by himself
ebu
r2 but this spoon still can't be digged
it needs to be modified
old mo continues to think of a solution
he ran into an old man with a hard
market
promised to give him the dessert for
lunch in exchange for a dine coin
laumo returned to the cell collected a
bunch of matches and put them in the box
break off the spoon and break off the
nail clippers use a file to grind the
coins into powder
apply to the contact area of the spoon
and nail clippers finally lit the match
and burned
the ends are firmly welded together a
jailbreak tool is ready
with it you can get twice the result
with half the effort
the vents are dug bigger and bigger the
entire fence is exposed
but the iron fence can't be pulled open
no matter what he needs a wedge to help
this thing is in the wood factory of the
prison the only problem is that the
thing is stuck with metal on both sides
once brought out it will be detected by
the metal detector
how to do this can't trouble almo who
has excellent iq
while he was working secretly took a
triangular wedge
but i was detected by a metal detector
right after i left the house
the alarm went off he just raised it up
without waiting for the prison guard to
speak
ask the prison guard if he can take the
clothes back to hang up
the prison guard disagreed and
confiscated can go back to the cell
he took out another wedge from the heel
this is called ming show plank road
darkness chen kang
then put the wedges into the vents and
use carry okay it can be removed
but it's not enough jailbreaking is not
a day or two
prison guards may come to check the
guard at any time the guards in such a
big cave are not blind
must have a disguise i saw him tore off
the magazine and soaked it in the water
squeezed into a rectangle then glue it
with mud to assemble it into a carton
then he pretended that he wanted to
paint ask the prison guard for the paint
and drawing board
sketch and paint this box and place it
in the vent a fake ventilation net is
completed
next day laumo desperately digs holes at
night
take advantage of the wind one day pour
out the dugout sand
when everything is going well the prison
suddenly launched a surprise inspection
also spot checked laumo's room the
warden walked into the room
the vent behind the box was exposed
fortunately the fake fence are so
beautifully done
can't see the problem at all the prison
guard moved out of laumo's quilt bed
again
scan over and over again with a metal
detector fortunately
no contraband was found they are gone to
prevent accidents from happening again
laumo decided to speed up the action
plan he handed the escape artifact to
his teammates
let them do the same dig through the
vents of your cell
the other side intends to go deep into
the hole to check the situation
in order to prevent prison guards from
patrolling the guards laumo brought in
newspapers and dirt again
he squeezed out a human head by mixing
newspaper and soil color it and stick
the hair
put it in the quilt look from the
outside as if he fell asleep there
everything's ready he can close the fake
through the vent
let's go laumo followed the pipeline all
the way to the top of the prison
there is no way here i can only go up
but the bars are too high to reach
have to think about other ways elle is
here at this moment
it's weird to see laumo go to bed so
early today
the cellmate next door explained that he
was sick the guard was
thinking that the baton accidentally
dropped make a loud noise
looking at laumo he still doesn't move
the prison guard reaches out to touch it
if he is suspicious
fortunately laumo has rushed back in
time he learned his lesson the next day
brought teammates two people set up the
ladder and finally touched the skylight
but who knows that the skylight fence is
much stronger than the vent
humans can't open it at all but
coincidentally
there is a plugable socket next to the
skylight this time laumo is playing too
much
he wants to get an electric drill this
day in the prison church
he found a small electric fan old mo
linguang flashed
yeji took it and put it in the box but
before leaving the prison guards
suddenly said to check a box
the teammates behind were extremely
nervous and their eyes drifted away
laumo picked up his box directly let the
prison guard check this
the prison guard looked at his confident
eyes and looked at the teammates behind
he chooses to check his teammate's box
and what about laumo swaggeringly
holding the box with the fan
this is his super stress resistance go
back to the cell
laumo removes the fan blades replace the
drill bit prepared before
climb up the iron fence again bend it
deeply with an iron pipe
barely climbed up this electric drill
has a low power and takes a long time to
drill
[Music]
finally after more than 10 days of hard
work everything's ready
the real jailbreak begins this night
he and his accomplices stuffed the dummy
heads into the quilt climb the
ventilation duct to the top of the
prison
but at this time the fourth person who
originally planned to go together
but i'm nervous and can't go anywhere to
the end of other deaths
i can only lie in bed with tears laumo
yelled several times and he didn't
respond
there is no way the other three people
can only continue to act
they came under the bars pulling each
other up the bars to the top of the
building
but when i opened the protective cover i
used too much force
only when there is a loud noise caught
the attention of the guard on duty
he turned on the searchlight and looked
around fortunately laumo and they are
cautious
hid under the pipe and didn't come out
the prison guard found no abnormalities
when everything is calm the three-old mo
climbed up avoid the searchlight
carefully
over the fence freedom is here and the
fourth inmate finally summoned the
courage and courage to set off
but when he came under the bars the
teammate has already left
he can't jump up alone he drove himself
to a dead end
lau machang has fled to the shore of
alcatraz island they picked up the life
jacket and life raft prepared in advance
blow hard into it riding the night
three people rode hard in the cold water
go away
the guard saw it the next morning why is
laumo still sleeping
i can't wake up he walked in and pulled
the light on and pulled with his hand
i found out that this is a dummy head
the prison guard panicked and sounded
the alarm
all the prison guards are dispatched
searched all corners of the island
bree only found a chrysanthemum the
chrysanthemum family is looking for hope
it means that the three people finally
escaped smoothly the warden threw the
chrysanthemum into the sea angrily
announced three deaths this prison that
no one has escaped
never allow any stains escape from
yakara is based on real events
prison break movie he photographed a
person with superb emotional
intelligence
don't be afraid to step by step in the
face of danger the av goal is clear and
resolute
goal clear and resolute such a person
let me tell you
no matter what you do you will succeed